Solemn revelation of the i3 concept
Coupe in the Hollywood Hills of Los
angeles
although the euphoria of most
manufacturer of electric cars seemingly
bmw relentlessly relies on the
current drive and shows the compact
electro car not just happened here
in California
want to be or have to be mobile and it is
a city that gives cars
We have a design studio too
therefore
here in california
his design for cars comes from bavaria
actually also california jubilation
park about an hour east of l
designworks has been working for 40 years
For this numerous brands of the battery
screwdriver to the gaming mouse is like that
pretty much everything and also after the
Takeover by bmw 1995 has it
nothing changed
next to cars will be headphones
Differences page that has a reason
as once explained michael just on
os bob for olympia 2014 work
the same principles as with bmw
Efficient dynamics program also apply
here and of course my influences
work on this book then the
work on the cars but I have to give them
to say honestly it is primarily
that is why the best for the us olympia
team to do what we can
inspiration new trends and ideas the
are looking for manufacturers like bmw in california
but not only in the middle of the design
Silicon Valley at San Francisco
research dirk rossberg and his team
just how to turn off batteries
second electric cars can use
caryarins were as usually as possible
that means a vehicle temperatures
outside 140 to only 20 25 degrees
and if a battery these women and
the conditions no longer exist
she is at home at work
25 degrees in the garage still best services
Perform for many many years
and for example the climate technology in the
house control in and around san francisco
are with over 5000 vehicles worldwide
Most electric cars registered
this results in completely new
business areas bmws carsharing drive
now offers a fleet of 70 here
active for the first hour 0 12
cost dollars
unlike at drivenow in germany
but can not be parked everywhere
Electric cars have to charge therefore gives
there are nine fixed stations in the
city ​​area a bit out of town
drive out comes at a range
of 120 kilometers, though
into a sweat
with the use active thereby
drive to silicon valley
it gives others the feeling of the future
and the car is actually correct
fun to the reach I have
I still have 30 miles left on the clock
So you have to go back quickly
charging stations
whether volkswagen mercedes or bmw in
California researches all German
manufacturer of new technologies
strict environmental regulations ensure that
that remains so in the future